Hourglass is a go.
Secure and clear the drop pad.
5.000 feet to proximity.
On my mark.
Mark.
Ten. nine...
- Titan at 4.000 feet.
- ...eight. seven.
- six. five...
- 3.000 feet.
- Terminate gamma simulators.
- ...four. three. two. one.
Are you
exploring far away?
That's hard to explain. Hiro...
...but I'll
be back really soon.
Hey. did you ever manage
to get that Jeep out of third?
Go to hell.
Don't mind if I do.
Control. this is
Hourglass Primary.
Mission Day. Foxtrot.
Transmitting in the blind.
I. uh...
I buried Burke today.
I'm gonna scout higher ground.
See if I can't
get a signal there.
Control. Hourglass Primary.
Mission Day. Oscar.
Rations are gone.
I finished the last yesterday.
Hoping I can catch my dinner.
If not. I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
[colonel. distorted
through radio] Did you
catch that? Did you see it?
- Huh?
- What... What was that?
Huh? Catch what?
Uh. my instruments
are reading something.
but it doesn't make sense.
Who cares? That was great.
I don't even know
what we just did. do you?
It's picking up
an anomaly. I don't know
if it's a Titan.
What?
Control. do you read me? Over.
Who-Who-Who-Who is...
Who is this?
Who am I talking to?
Over.
Who is this?
Who am I speaking to?
Oh. my God. Thank God.
Thank God.
This is Major Leland Lafayette
Shaw III. My crew is dead.
My vehicle is damaged.
My food has run out.
Control. I need an extraction.
What's happening. Zook?
The device is sending
a signal as I posited.
It was supposed to bounce
around until it found a Titan.
Instead it seems
to have picked up the
Hourglass Expedition frequency
when Monarch thought they
had lost you in the rift.
Uh... That was...
That was 1962.
How is that...
As you discovered yourself.
time is relative in there.
Control. please respond.
I repeat.
this is Hourglass Primary.
Talk to him.
Talk to him. Lee.
What did you
most want to hear?
I...
Hourglass. this is Control.
We thought we'd lost you guys.
Oh. you did.
You did for the most part.
But oh. my God.
it's good to hear somebody.
Is Billy Randa there?
Can I talk to Bill Randa?
Can I speak with Bill?
He's. um. trying to
reestablish contact with you.
We'll get word to him
as soon as we can.
Uh. you guys working on
a plan to get me
out of here or...
- We're working on that. Major.
- Okay.
But I can guarantee
you one thing.
you are gonna make it home.
You sound
pretty sure of that.
I've never been more
sure of anything in my life.
Cate!
Come look at this.
What did you find?
Double pupil.
The resonant frequency
of the Titan song
creates an overlapping
pattern in the waveform.
How does that make sense?
Maybe it doesn't.
Maybe I'm just feeling
these vibrations
and interpreting it as "lost."
Maybe I'm just lost
and I'm projecting.
Sorry.
You're the only one
I can talk to about this
without feeling...
completely unhinged.
Cate. you are not unhinged.
The sonic frequency
you are hearing is real.
The Titan is clearly off
its migratory map.
and no one can find it.
So however you got
to this feeling. I think...
I think you're right.
It's lost.
But you could be
the key to finding it and
sending it back to Axis Mundi.
Well. if it's lost.
it could be anywhere.
It could be in the middle
of the Atlantic by now.
Hmm.
The vibrations I felt
by the dock...
they were definitely less
intense than on Santa Soledad.
What if it's getting
further and further away?
But you felt it here.
Billy found a site in Japan.
It's not on
the migratory route. but
he marked it as "notable."
And notable how?
Hmm. It was cursed.
Here. "Local legend
spoke of women becoming
possessed with a yokai.
a demon...
...who would lure his victims
into the darkness."
I found these photos...
Yes.
Look at these photos
from the village.
Who are they?
This woman said
the demon's voice was
a deep-throated vibration.
Right. So Billy thought
the demon was the Titan?
He thought it was
a distinct possibility.
If these women were
able to interpret what
the song was telling them.
this connection could
help us find the Titan
before Lee has
a chance to destroy it.
You decent?
Um...
That depends on
the definition of the word.
Well. you fit
most definitions.
I'm sorry about last night.
I shouldn't have done that.
No. Y-You didn't. I...
We did.
We have history. It happens.
It's... cool.
You going on a trip?
Yep.
I need to get out of here.
Yeah. I get that.
Where are you going?
Thailand.
Hmm. That's nice.
You going by yourself?
I got an invitation.
Invitation from who?
Just someone
I met.
It's no big deal.
Okay. when you say
that it's not a big deal.
it sounds like a
big deal.
Why does everyone
need to know my business?
I met someone.
and I'm taking a trip.
Do I need your permission?
No. I...
I did not say that.
I'm just tired of
everyone telling me what to do.
What... what's right.
what's wrong.
What my obligations are
to my family. to Monarch.
To saving the world.
It's my life.
Okay.
Excuse me.
Corah Mateo?
I'm sorry.
Who?
Come on. Let's go.
Zook. I lost him.
Can you get him back?
Hourglass Primary.
Do you copy?
This is control.
How do you read?
Come on. Zook.
fix it.
I know you got a couple
of miracles left in you.
It's not a miracle.
It's physics.
Can you crank the power?
I could.
All right.
Come on.
Hourglass Primary.
- do you copy...
- Oh. my God. yeah. Hey. yeah.
This is Hourglass Primary.
I copy. Do you read me?
Okay. Major. do you read me?
I read you.
I read you. over.
I...
...thought I'd lost you.
Oh. no. I'm still here.
How are you
holding up. soldier?
Better now. Better now.
Uh... So what's you guys'
plan to get me out of here?
We need to get a sitrep first.
Have you observed
any M.U.T.O. activity?
Besides the activity
that killed my entire crew.
um. a centipede
the size of subway cars.
- Um...
- Right.
Right. and how about Godzilla?
Godzilla?
Sorry... no.
- W-Why?
- This is important.
You haven't seen
any sign of Godzilla?
No. Why is
that important?
How is that gonna get me home?
Stand by. Major.
That's right.
Godzilla wasn't there when
I was there the first time.
- Uh. Lee. are you sure that you reme...
- Okay. Okay.
Okay. stop. New plan.
We don't know
where that Titan is now.
But I think I know
where it was then.
Zook. is there some way
we can put a tracker
on that Titan?
There was a radio
in the entry vehicle that...
- Yeah. maybe I can.
- Control. are you still there?
Do you read me?
All right.
we'd like you to return to
the entry vehicle now. okay?
Let me know when
you're inside the pod.
Sorry.
Return to the entry vehicle?
You got it.
Roger that.
Kick!
Round one. Okay.
Round two. Yeah.
One! One!
One. two!
- I did.
- I'll show you around.
You want something to drink?
Sure.
- Thank you.
- Hmm.
Welcome to Thailand.
- So you live here?
- Most of the time. yeah.
It was one of my father's
pet projects to
save the rainforest here.
But he got bored with it
pretty quickly.
much like our relationship.
and he gave me the house
for my 21st birthday.
My dad
got me headphones.
I'm sorry
about your father.
- Is that the company line?
- I wouldn't know.
I don't really have anything
to do with the company
or anything my father does.
Must be nice.
Not having to care.
It's not exactly that simple.
Okay.
All right. I got the. uh.
circuit board out.
Copy that.
Dr. Suzuki is going to
take you through the rest
of the assembly process.
Zook. Zook?
He's there with you?
Yes. Lee.
I'm here.
Oh. my God. It's so good
to hear your voice.
You sound a little rough.
you know. You okay?
Kansas does not
agree with my hay fever.
and I. uh...
Our signal is
traveling through a rift.
And there is bound
to be some distortion.
Uh. I guess... I guess
there would be. uh...
I guess that makes sense. yeah.
Okay. Um. take the anodes
from the integrated circuit
you just removed.
Okay.
And then connect them
to the green wires
of the gyroscope
from the attitude indicator.
Okay. the an...
Start with the anodes.
The anodes are the...
are the golden
pill-looking things. yeah?
- Yes. Yes.
- Okay. So...
Hey. can you tell me
how this tech's
gonna get me out of here
or is that
classified too?
Uh. Major.
you need a Titan
to open a rift.
so we're trying to
find you a ride home.
Yeah. but why risk
putting a tracker on it?
I don't understand that.
This whole mission was a risk.
And it's what we
expect you to do. soldier.
Okay. Understood.
Defense and discovery.
- Hi.
- What the hell?
We're sending goons
after people now.
with no explanation?
Are we not friends?
Did we not eat noodles?
Friends?
I don't know if
you remember this. but...
...we made a plan together
and then you disappeared.
Next thing I know you're
standing side by side
with Brenda Holland. friend.
Yeah. I did what I said
I was going to do.
I was gathering information.
No. You were
actively participating!
Do you have any idea
what is happening right now?
All we've got is a
piece of Titan X with your
device still attached to it.
We are in a crisis.
This is serious shit.
Titan X is on the loose
and it killed Hiroshi.
I don't want it
to kill anyone else.
Do you think that I do?
I do not.
That is why you are here.
We have a theory that
your device threw Titan X
off its migratory route
and into a rampage.
God knows where.
It's not my device.
It's Apex's.
So you should
ask Apex Cybernetics.
Well. we have.
And Walter Simmons
is shocked
that a couple
of bad actors
would engage in an unauthorized
and reckless operation.
They have vowed
full transparency.
Now Holland's playing ball.
but she's being a little cagey.
- Yeah. of course she is.
- Of course she is.
So add to the fact
that Trissop's gone AWOL.
that leaves you.
Help us
figure out what it did.
what your code
did to Titan X.
Maybe you can help us stop it.
I'm gonna need
one of them suits.
I have a sister too.
- What?
- Yeah.
After the world's best
IVF doctors failed my mom
and dad they adopted me.
And then one year later...
my sister Maia.
Miracle baby.
And then suddenly
it was. "Isabel who?"
Is that what it was
like for you with Cate?
You work for years and years
with your father.
and then all of a sudden.
Cate pops out
of Axis Mundi and it's.
"Kentaro who?"
I hate Apex just as much
as you hate Monarch.
They all want
to change the world.
I want to create a new one.
but I can't do it alone.
What about you. Kentaro?
What do you want?
So why this
specific Titan anyway?
Oh. are you gonna be picky now?
You sound like me.
We know this one's big enough
to open a rift to get you out.
How?
How do you know that?
How do you know
what's down here?
Well. you know. Dr. Suzuki.
he's a real sorcerer.
He managed to detect
that Titan signature
close to your landing point.
Who are you?
You said you were classified
with Operation Hourglass.
I know the whole team
up there.
Now you can't find Billy.
you've got me
trying to tag a Titan.
and I don't even know
your name. So who are you?
Fair enough. Major.
You may call me Colonel.
Yeah.
I came on board late.
Part of the team that's
trying to clean up this mess.
Yeah. I guess
I should be grateful. sir.
Okay. so. uh. well.
then why don't you
tell me about yourself?
Let's. uh. try and
keep the connection open.
All right.
What would you like to know?
Let me start with um...
what about family?
You have a family?
I never married. but...
recently I came across
some kids that thought
they'd lost their dad.
That kinda feels
like family now.
I got a similar situation.
I got a. uh...
There's a boy up topside.
I was good friends
with his mom.
Told him I... I'd be back.
Made him a promise.
So don't make a liar
out of me. Colonel.
Not on your life.
All right. Okay. Hang on.
What the hell's that?
- Major. what's happening?
- No. no. no.
It's... Smells...
Smells like an
electrical fire but...
Run!
Run now!
Major. are you okay?
Yeah.
Oh. yeah.
I'm banged up pretty good.
But. uh. nothing...
nothing that won't heal.
Wait a second.
Holy shit.
Control. you're not
gonna believe
what I'm looking at.
Some kind of encampment.
There's a camp.
I don't know what it is.
How could somebody
be in a camp down here?
- Major. this is a direct order.
- Oh. my God.
You step away
from that camp
and stay on this mission.
Keiko.
Keiko?
Keiko!
Kei!
What does it say?
Well. if I'm reading
Billy's handwriting correctly.
there should be a path
that leads to the rings of...
- There!
- What?
Oh.
- Were you in love with him?
- With Billy?
Shaw.
Hmm.
No. It wasn't
like that with us.
Okay.
It was...
What does it mean?
Do not enter.
How do we get in?
Hmm. There's got to be
a way around.
Or that.
What are these?
Markers. For graves.
That must be it.
The place where
the women felt
the vibrations.
Keiko!
Kei! Keiko!
You need to slow down. son.
Slow down? Slow down.
She's alive
and she's down here.
I know.
but this is complicated.
What do you mean you know?
Huh? What aren't you
telling me?
A hell of a lot. son.
And you're not
Mission Control. are you?
No. I am not.
But that doesn't matter.
Only one thing does.
- Protecting her at all costs.
- Oh. my God. You do sound like me.
Say that again. Lee.
What?
Now say that again.
I said you do...
sound like... me.
Oh. my God.
Don't... Don't panic. Lee.
I'm losing my mind.
Don't panic.
Who are you?
I am your older self.
I am you.
Ask me anything.
If you're not just in my head.
if you're me.
if you're really me...
you know
how important she is.
She was my mission.
And I was
supposed to protect her.
But more than that...
You love her. I know.
No. I never said that.
I never said that.
- I never said that.
- No. Never aloud...
- I never said...
- Never aloud...
but I was always very careful.
Even in my own head.
I carry your scars. Lee.
All of them.
Keiko was the most painful.
But that moment
has passed. Lee.
If she's really alive.
it doesn't have to be.
Yes. it does.
She said.
"In another lifetime.
in another world.
we could be together."
No. if she's alive
I can change it.
I'm gonna change it.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. Wait. wait.
- Yeah.
Stop. stop.
Lee. don't move. Stand by.
Stand by.
What if I change it?
Lee. you know better.
Do I?
Do you?
If you let him go
to her now.
you very well
may change her future.
It will
no longer be set.
And anything
could happen.
It wasn't my decision
to make now.
It was mine then.
I see her.
Give me one good reason
why I shouldn't go
to her right now.
I'll give you three.
One.
she does not need
to be saved right now.
Yeah. I-I know... I. uh.
I appreciate that she's tough.
That's a nice sentiment.
but I swore to protect her.
Protect her. Yes.
Even from myself.
Do you really wanna
take the chance
that by interfering now.
you could throw her
off the path from
actually being saved?
You don't know
what would happen
if I stepped in right now.
You don't know that.
No. I don't.
But I know exactly what
will happen if you don't.
In the near future
you will rescue her.
and she will live a life
that you thought you
were responsible for losing.
What's behind door number two?
That's better.
Those kids that
came into my life?
They're Hiro's kids.
You like them. Lee.
You will like them.
But if Keiko comes out early
we really don't know
how seriously that
could change everything.
And the third?
This will be
the hardest of all.
Because this is
the moment we let her go.
Yeah. To save her.
Do nothing. Lee.
Just watch.
A rope.
Oh.
It communicates
through water.
This-This is a well.
I-I think the others
went down here
and heard the Titan's call.
Well. you're not
going in there. Cate.
Cate. stop.
It's not safe.
I'll be fine.
I'm lighter.
- You can pull me up if anything happens.
- Yeah.
That's exactly what I said...
in Kazakhstan.
And I regret that mistake
every day. ever since.
So please. no.
That wasn't a mistake.
It wasn't a mistake.
What else were you
supposed to do?
You had to find the answers
just like I have to.
Sometimes what haunts us
is what keeps us safe.
I trust you. Cate.
Go find what's down there.
All right.
So. what have you
all figured out so far?
Okay. so. the device taps
into the nervous system
and manipulates the signals.
Well. it's not to manipulate.
It's to understand.
Brenda's idea was to
send rapid-fire signals
to the brain and back
until we learned the language.
By the way.
I wanted to say thank you...
for making sure that I
came out of this clean.
Don't thank me.
Thank Brenda.
For what?
I can let you read
the transcript
of her Monarch debrief.
Not only does she
not mention your name.
but she dances
quite nimbly to make sure
that nobody knows it.
I don't know why
she would do that.
One mystery at a time.
I guess.
Do you want to play
the license plate game?
What?
It's a two-hour ride
to the airport. I'm just
trying to make it less awkward.
- I didn't ask you to ride along.
- I know.
But I figured this way
I have two hours
to convince you not to leave.
And stay through tomorrow
as planned.
Why? Why do I matter to you?
Honestly. after what happened
with your father.
I thought you would understand.
Both of our families
have been dealing with
the Titan situation for years.
and it's only gotten worse.
I really believe
it's time for new ideas.
Your ideas.
We've seen it work
from the inside out.
We are just
as qualified as anyone.
and do we not have
just as much at stake?
I get it.
You're rich.
You're used to
getting what you want.
This has nothing
to do with money.
Say the people
with all the money.
My dad has the money. okay?
Everything I have
I've put at risk for this.
If we are not successful.
I have nothing.
"We"?
Do you remember
what we talked about
the night we met in Tokyo?
How it's been four years
since G-Day and still
nothing has changed?
Monarch has not
made us any safer.
neither has the military.
the corporations.
or even my father.
Nothing can
keep us safe now.
Exactly.
Nothing can keep us safe now.
G-Day changed
the world overnight.
but what if
it didn't have to?
What if we could
live in a world
where there was no G-Day?
That's crazy.
I mean. you know Axis Mundi.
You know the rules
of what's crazy
don't necessarily apply.
What are you talking about?
I don't know that
I want to tell you anymore.
unless I know
that you're with me.
Let me ask you something.
Why do you think your father
let you in on his secret...
about where he'd been?
Kampai.
Not Cate.
Not anybody else. You.
Maybe because he wanted you
to make a choice for yourself
without giving a shit
what anyone else thought.
Just like he did.
- Does that feel all right?
- It's perfect.
Okay. Hmm.
- And as soon as you feel unsafe...
- I'll yell loud.
Be careful.
I can't lose you too.
I was just thinking.
if I were to do this
with anyone...
I'm glad it's you.
Ready?
Ready.
Okay.
Keep moving. Straight ahead.
Okay. How far am I?
Not far. You're almost there.
Twelve o'clock.
How do you know this?
Because I saw it the last time
I was down there
when we got her back.
I think I see something.
A large. uh. like. mass of land
about a half a klick ahead.
- Looks like a wasp's nest from hell.
- Wasp's nest from hell?
Yeah. that's the spot.
Now keep your head on a swivel
because it's about
to get rough.
Oh. what the hell?
Oh. my God.
- Little more rope.
- Okay.
Cate!
Let me know when you find it.
I'll let you know where to go.
Okay. I see it. I see it.
It's big.
All right. He's behind that.
Now go to the rock.
He's cocooned into that rock.
It's like a shell.
You break through
and you'll find it
right on the other side.
Hack into that rock.
- Right here?
- All right. Now just hack into it.
Okay.
W-W-W-Wait. Wait.
If I start hammering
is it gonna wake up?
I think
it's in like a...
Like... Like a cocoon state?
Like dormant?
Like a sleeping shark.
Okay. well. this feels really
stupid. but here we go.
All right. all right.
All right. I see his skin.
- It looks like it's breathing.
- All right.
Oh. wow. All right.
Okay. so...
All right. Now... now
put the tracking device in.
- I'm gonna jam it in.
- Yeah. just jam it in.
All right. There.
Okay. It's in.
- I got it in.
- Says it's in.
Yeah.
There it is!
We got a signal. We got it.
We're good. Mission. My God.
Shit. Oh. shit.
But be careful.
Yeah.
It's coming out.
Oh. shit. Oh. God.
Cate!
Cate! Cate!
Can you hear me?
Yes!
Are you okay?
I'm okay! I know what the women
were hearing down here.
It's-It's amplifying
the Titan's song.
There's a tunnel.
I think it might
lead to the ocean.
Okay.
I'm gonna follow it.
Be careful.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
I can hear you.
It's just you're...
Oh. shit.
You're more distant.
Okay. listen to me now.
You need to get back
to the entry vehicle.
There's a big.
forked tree nearby.
I-I know you've seen it.
Okay. Why there?
Because that's where Billy's
dragon will come for you.
You hold your own. you...
through the rift.
When it opens.
you ride it out.
Okay.
And you're sure
that will get me home?
You're sure?
Lee. I'm positive.
You're a good man. Major.
Don't forget that.
Try hard not to.
It won't be easy.
Take care of her. okay?
And Hiroshi's kids too.
We're losing
our connection. aren't we?
Yeah.
Time for you to go.
Hello?
Cate!
Cate?
- Cate!
- Hey.
Oh. my God. You scared me.
How did you come back?
It's a series of tunnels.
One of them led me
back up and around.
Now I know how it feels.
For a moment. I really
thought that well
was haunted.
I don't think so.
It felt different down there.
Everything was just so much clearer.
I think the women
sensed the Titan song.
and they went down the well
to listen to it.
Which would have
been interpreted as madness.
Exactly. I don't think
the Titan's lost.
I don't think
it's dangerous.
I think it just needs our help.
Taxi's here. Zook.
- Yeah.
- Is that it?
Yes. the signal is strong.
It's heading towards Australia.
Okay.
Uh. are you sure
you want to do this?
Well. the plan
wasn't altered. Zook.
What happens next
was always gonna happen.
So. where does destiny
take us now?
Not us. Zook.
Just me.
Oh.
You think I'm too old
to play shotgun
on this mission?
Far from it. Zook.
But I'm afraid this next part
is a one-man job.
You're worried
this 100-year-old relic
might not make it back?
You think
you might not make it back.
Goodbye. old friend.
- What you got?
- Sir. we're picking up
an odd signal. H.G .0.1.
Hourglass oh-one?
That's the original signal for
the very first entry vehicle
into Axis Mundi.
It's from 1962. Why?
It's live.
But that pod is
nearly 60 years old and
was destroyed on Skull Island.
All right.
Bring up the speed markers.
It's moving at over 40 knots.
G-TASS is confirming
it's Titan X.
Well. sir.
as promised there's your Titan.
What the hell
is it doing?